hey guys it's me and today I'm going to
be doing a review of the team of the
year Gomez there were no other reviews
on youtube at this time so that's why I
decided to do review of him and also of
you requested him in the comments so
I'll put his foot head card up on the
screen and as for his price his average
price on the Xbox is 470 k and average
twice on the ps3 is 591 que a la so as
always I'll move on to his in game stats
right about now and you can see quite a
lot of crane stats there so on the
better one is 99 finishing 97 heading
accuracy 94 long shots 90 penalties 99
shot power 99 valleys medium medium work
rate three-star skills for star weak
foot 89 acceleration 81 agility only 74
balance 86 jumping 92 reactions 86 print
speed and 95 strength as well as 91
attack positioning so some SATs are the
pretty well reflected image the poacher
I think so very nice that such as
finishing and heading accuracy so I'll
move on to the clips of him playing now
and my impression of this guy was that
it was somewhat like the guy in real
life I would say his finishing was
pretty good managed to finish quite a
lot of chances although he didn't finish
every single one as you hoped you might
but that would probably be a bit unfair
on your opponent's if he did the biggest
letdown for this guy about me was his
heading I will try to put some flips in
of his heading but it might be hard
because it's hard to find things that
aren't shots but the problem with him
was that he didn't seem to be able to
win that many headers outright he was
usually able to jump higher than the
other guy at least slightly and had the
ball but then usually other guy would
get in the way or when he did win the
header then he would head it straight at
the goalkeeper or something like that he
didn't score very many hedge goals for
me apart from maybe ones where he was
just tapping in with his head but really
that was a bit of a disappointment and
especially for his 91 henning stat3 star
skills are also a bit disappointing
you'd hope
for a striker or at least I would I
guess you can't really do much about
that and one other bad thing about him
was his balance he could really feel
that he had low balance really did not
feel like a very smooth dribbler at all
I guess if you're playing him you
probably want him to just score goals
and maybe you don't want him to get
involved in the build-up or anything but
for me I like to have all-rounder
players usually and this guy could not
travel for his life his long shot was
quite good he scored a couple of shots
from outside the box for me and his
finisher was also quite good once I got
used to it I think was a little about
our practice or something I'm not really
quite sure but I couldn't score from the
shots in the beginning but after a while
I got used to it and started scoring
them pretty easily so yeah this guy is
clinical enough but he's not quite as
amazingly clinical as you would hope for
I would probably recommend Team of the
Year Huntelaar over him at this moment
in time especially for the price but
I'll move on to the rating now i'm gonna
use guy a 7 out of 10 mainly because he
is just so so expensive almost half a
million on xbox and even more on ps3
it's just crazy and you really just want
someone who can do pretty much
everything and this guy can really
dribble and his heading was not really
up to scratch for me so Janna with the
poacher I would hope for but he's still
a decent enough option but like i said
already try out the team in the air
Huntelaar who is just as good in my
opinion if not better so yeah I hope
you've enjoyed this review leaves the
distance from the next one in the
comments and I'll talk to you next time